if Chinese people's wealth really drop by a third that has major consequences on consumption as well.
So you really need to stabilize real estate to build that foundation for a stable rebound.
But also to mention that you're seeing signs of a transition already in the economic structure,
a bit away from the real estate into broadly categorized as high tech center.
So the government coming back to the recent Congress really is focusing on two things.
Consumption, so domestic demand and productivity based on innovation.
Yeah, indeed. We have seen some green shoots in terms of housing stabilization.
And in terms of business confidence, I think deepseek disruption really has made a big difference.
Well, it was interesting because I was still debating foreign policy on peak China, the concept of peak China.
I went from peak China to a few months later, deepseek moment, a major pendulum swing.